# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt -o requirements.txt
acme==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hass-nabucasa
aiodns==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp-asyncmdnsresolver
    #   homeassistant
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohasupervisor==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohasupervisor
    #   aiohttp-asyncmdnsresolver
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   aiohttp-fast-zlib
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
    #   snitun
aiohttp-asyncmdnsresolver==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
aiohttp-cors==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
aiohttp-fast-zlib==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
aiooui==0.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bluetooth-adapters
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiozoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
astral==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
async-interrupt==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   habluetooth
    #   homeassistant
async-timeout==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   snitun
atomicwrites-homeassistant==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
    #   snitun
audioop-lts==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
    #   standard-aifc
awesomeversion==24.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
bcrypt==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
bleak==0.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleak-retry-connector
    #   bluetooth-adapters
    #   habluetooth
bleak-retry-connector==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   habluetooth
bluetooth-adapters==0.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleak-retry-connector
    #   bluetooth-auto-recovery
    #   habluetooth
bluetooth-auto-recovery==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   habluetooth
bluetooth-data-tools==1.26.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   habluetooth
boto3==1.37.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pycognito
botocore==1.37.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
btsocket==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bluetooth-auto-recovery
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pycares
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
ciso8601==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
cronsim==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   bluetooth-data-tools
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
    #   josepy
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   securetar
    #   snitun
dbus-fast==2.39.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleak
    #   bleak-retry-connector
    #   bluetooth-adapters
envs==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pycognito
fnv-hash-fast==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
fnvhash==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fnv-hash-fast
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
habluetooth==3.32.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   home-assistant-bluetooth
hass-nabucasa==0.92.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
home-assistant-bluetooth==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
homeassistant==2025.2.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
    #   zeroconf
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
josepy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
lru-dict==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
mashumaro==3.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohasupervisor
    #   webrtc-models
multidict==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
orjson==3.10.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohasupervisor
    #   homeassistant
    #   webrtc-models
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
pip==25.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   homeassistant
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   psutil-home-assistant
psutil-home-assistant==0.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
pycares==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiodns
pycognito==2024.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hass-nabucasa
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
    #   pycognito
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   homeassistant
    #   josepy
pyrfc3339==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
pyric==0.1.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bluetooth-auto-recovery
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   astral
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   acme
    #   homeassistant
    #   pycognito
ruff==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
s3transfer==0.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
securetar==2025.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
snitun==0.40.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hass-nabucasa
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
standard-aifc==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
standard-chunk==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   standard-aifc
standard-telnetlib==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
    #   mashumaro
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiozoneinfo
uart-devices==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bluetooth-adapters
ulid-transform==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   homeassistant
    #   requests
usb-devices==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bluetooth-adapters
    #   bluetooth-auto-recovery
uv==0.6.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
voluptuous==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
    #   voluptuous-openapi
    #   voluptuous-serialize
voluptuous-openapi==0.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
voluptuous-serialize==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   homeassistant
webrtc-models==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   hass-nabucasa
    #   homeassistant
yarl==1.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohasupervisor
    #   aiohttp
    #   homeassistant
zeroconf==0.144.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp-asyncmdnsresolver
    #   homeassistant
